Goals
My long-term goal is to work as a research engineer for a leading organization in IT industry. Two years away from school and working as a software engineer, I realized that graduate education is a must to fulfill this goal. Therefore I would like to pursue graduate education in computer science. Consequently, my current short-term goal is to earn a master¡¯s degree in computer science.
Areas of Interests
Though the specific area to focus is yet to be decided, areas that interest me are artificial intelligence, data mining, programming languages and natural language processing. Recently these areas are being extensively practiced and they will play more important roles in the future. Therefore I would like to focus on one of these areas.
CS Background
Through four year¡¯s undergraduate education in School of Software at Beijing Institute of Technology, one of the premier universities in China, I had firmly grasped fundamentals in computer science. My curriculum covered but not limited to classical computer science courses like programming language, data structure and algorithm, compiler theory, operating system, computer network, computer architecture and mathematics. Plus two years¡¯ industry experience, I gained solid programming skills and a deeper understanding of computer and software systems.
Industry Experience
Currently I have worked as a software engineer for more than two years at Nexstreaming Corporation in South Korea, which takes the lead in global mobile multimedia solution. This experience has made me a professional and helped in further developing my capabilities such as programming skills, overall comprehension of computer and software systems, communication and analysis skills to carry out complex tasks with colleagues. 
Why University of Toronto?
I first heard about the University of Toronto from shanghairanking.com, and through searching the internet I found that the Computer Science Department is renowned for its high academic reputation, respectable faculties and brilliant students. Also, I found that the department¡¯s Master of Science in Applied Computing program fully meets my needs since the program combines scholarly research and industry application together. Realizing that the environment is vital to the development of a person, I would like to choose University of Toronto, which provides the most favorable environment, to carry out my graduate study.
Conclusion
Though no one could foretell the future, I believe that when looking back at this crucial decision in my forties, I will be proud of myself since it will prove to be a wise one. My career goal, familial factors and primarily my great passion are driving me to undertake the Master¡¯s program. Furthermore, my solid academic background and working experience have prepared me to strive for success in my graduate work.

