Dear Admission Committee

I would like to recommend Mr. Zheyu Jin, one of my best students, for admission to your graduate program. I have been Mr. Jin¡¯s academic advisor during his undergraduate education, since 2006 to 2010.
When entering the university, Mr. Jin¡¯s College Entrance Examination score was notably higher than other students and due to his talent and hardworking, his good academic performance continued in the following four years. In return for his excellence, Mr. Jin has been one of the students who receive Renmin Scholarship every semester. 
However, his activity is not limited to the classroom; he also participated in extra-curricular activities to learn more. I still remember one day of summer he came to my office and asked me some information about the Robocup Soccer 2D Simulation League, which he was going to attend. While talking, I found that he had already done notable research about the contest and also investigated different approaches and implementation frameworks. I really appreciated his passion.
As his personality, in my opinion, one of the most valuable traits of him is the persistence which will be a great help to his future education and career. This young man also has strong sense of social responsibility. He has worked as a volunteer of Beijing 2008 Olympic Games and regularly participates in services held in school.
Now he has been working in the industry for more than 2 years as a software engineer and I believe he has not only learned practical knowledge but also further developed his emotional maturity which will be helpful to graduate studies.
Based on Mr. Jin's performance and personality, I think he possesses a good potential for research works. Therefore I strongly recommend him for your favorable consideration. If I could offer any further assistance, please feel free to contact me.
Sincerely 
Dr. Jianwei Sun
Dean of Department of Internet Security
School of Software
Beijing Institute of Technology
TEL: (+86)010-6891-4977-15(ext.)
Email: ejwsun@bit.edu.cn

