Dear Professor

As the CEO of Nexstreaming Corporation, which takes the lead in global mobile multi-media soluton market, I am writting this letter of recommendation  for Mr. Zheyu Jin, my current employee, to your  renowned Computer Science program. Mr. Jin has been working as a software developer for my company for 2 years and capabilities possessed by this young engineer genuinely impressed me.

At the time of employment, he was the youngest engineer in our company. As a newcomer, Mr. Jin was dispatched to the customer side for tranning soon after employment and I remember his team leader has spoken highly of his eagerness to learn and quick adaptation to a new environment.

After returning to headquarters, he was assigned to a task of porting our product to Qualcomm Mobile Development Platform. It was a brand new attempt in our company and involved cooperation with different devisions and two other companies. Mr. Jin has worked as porting engineer and contact point in that project and demonstrated satisfactory level of emotional maturity and communication skills. Through his report mails I was able to see he was doing well and the project was running smoothly. It was quite satisfactory for me to see a new employee who was able to coordinate with other parties and manage various schedules. Mr. Jin is currently doing a good job in a team which is developing a new product.

Besides, Mr. Jin also showed surprising language proficiencies in three languages - Chinese, Korean and English - when arranging conference calls with Chinese and European engineers. His language skills has contributed a lot to the diversity of the company.

In addition, Mr. Jin is also able to work well with people from different cultual backgrounds. Since our company consists of employees from 6 countries, and Mr. Jin himself was the first Chinese engineer we have employed, his adaptation could have been difficult at first. However, he had no special difficulty in bridgeing the cultural gap between China and Korea and now he has fully adapted to company's multi-cultural environment.

According to my observation on Mr. Zheyu Jin, I assess him as open-minded, keen in learning and a person with high emotional maturity. Mr. Jin should make an outstanding student in graduate studies. Please don¡¯t hesitate to contact me if you need more information about him.

Best Regards

Il-Taek Lim
CEO of Nexstramign Corporation
(+82)02-2194-5369
iltaek.lim@nexstreaming.com